# Mission Briefing
The team worked flawlessly, operating at a optimal standard, especially when the rookie was thrown into it. The intercom told them to break and commit to their duties until approaching **HERCYNIA**. The team is debriefed by the ship's NHP ***ANAXAGORAS***. 

***ANAXAGORAS*** mentions that the **DYMC** is subcontracted from **UNION**, so the operation is under finer scrutiny than usual.

1. Union’s imperative dictates that the squad treat the situation with utmost care. Hercynia is potentially populated by some sort of indigenous human culture, but the evidence is unclear.
2. The current holder of Hercynia’s charter is Landmark Colonial, a subsidiary of SmithShimano Corpro. The Squad is to make contact with Landmark’s representative on the ground first in order to present their credentials and integrate into the local hierarchy.
3. Hercynia was once subject to a widespread and catastrophic SecComm expeditionary campaign. The records lack detail, but building from what has been recovered from the old Union Colonial Mission indicates that the Second Committee mounted a handful of similar campaigns against resistant populations. This likely accounts for the massive amount of radiation, distress signals, encrypted comms, and general “noise” coming off the world. The squad should expect to encounter old Union military infrastructure in the form of unexploded ordinance, waste radiation, and possibly even abandoned ground-based installations.

# In transit to HERCYNIA
As the squad awake from their month-long stasis and set their sights on the planet known as HERCYNIA, the drop carrier's captain notifies them to suit up - and make sure to borrow some EVA gear if they don't have any. Time is of the essence, and time is money. The squad straps into one of a few dropships, and preps for the descent.

As they approach the world, their ship’s SIGINT deck reports that Hercynia is throwing off an incredible amount of noise – likely because it is a post-collapse SecComm “punching bag” world littered with old, decaying military infrastructure, and ruins – and they find themselves unable to get clear signals. All of this matches the thin profile pushed to them by local flightcomm. Unfortunately, optics are shot as well. Hercynia appears to be socked in under a planetwide monsoon season, blanketing all but the most extreme poles with thick cloud cover.
